{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
\
Game of War\
Author Rich Korneisel\
\
Select or launch the Index.html file in this folder to start game in your browser.\
\
Follow prompts to add players names and flip cards.\
\
After each card flip the prompt box will show the winner.  The stats on the left side of the screen will show the results.\
\
The top left corner of the screen shows the basic rules.  The official rules are below.\
\
Still working on making the game more user friendly.  Currently you need to scroll down the page to follow the results.  Any programming suggestions would be welcome.\
\
Enjoy.\
\
Official Rules\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
The goal is to be the first player to win all 52 cards\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 The Deal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 The deck is divided evenly, with each player receiving 26 cards, dealt one at a time, face down. Anyone may deal first. Each player places their stack of cards face down, in front of them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 The Play\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Each player turns up a card at the same time and the player with the higher card takes both cards and puts them, face down, on the bottom of his stack.\
If the cards are the same rank, it is War. Each player turns up three cards face down and one card face up. The player with the higher cards takes both piles (ten cards). If the turned-up cards are again the same rank, each player places another three cards face down and turns another card face up. The player with the higher card takes all 18 cards, and so on.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 How to Keep Score\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 The game ends when one player has won all the cards.  In the event a player does not have enough cards to war, the player with enough cards to war is the winner.\
}